
1) I have been working as a Java Developer from the past 7 Yrs and worked in 
different domains like Insurance, Health, Banking, Telecom, Automobile etc., at various clients.

2) Currently I am working with American Family Insurance located at Madison, WI. 
and working on quoteExperince project where both agents and customer can save or retrieve the quote for auto.
    Apex is our internal application which consumes our application by processing producer id.
    we will get 6 versions of different quotes in the template. 
    Using our application we can preview how the template looks like as well as 
    If everything looks good we can email the template with quotes pdf's to customer with coresponding agent details
   (agent photo, email, twitter account, facebook account etc., details in the template).

3) By considering my over all experience I can say i worked 80 % back end and 20 % front end.

4) I have been working on different front end technologies like : html, java script, css, ajax, jquery, angular Js,Bootstrap etc.,

5) BackEnd Technologies: Spring, Struts, Hibernate.

6) Webservices: soap( jax-ws) and rest ( implemented using jax-rs and cxf plugin), AWS. we used soap ui tool for web service testing.

7) MiddleWare Technologies: EJB (enterprise java beans), JMS (Java messaging service),

8) DesignPatterns: MVC( model view controller), facade design pattren,singleton pattern, factory pattern, Proxy pattern.

9) Version Controllers: CVS (Concurrent Version System), SVN(subversion), Git, BitBucket.

10)Servers: Application servers (Like JBoss 5.0/6.0(WildFly), Websphere(IBM), web Logic(Oracle)) and Web Servers like Tomcat.

11)DataBases: Oracle 11g/10g, Db2, My SQL, MONGO Db, Hsql db

12)Build and Deployment tools like jenkins, harvest. we used to deploy our code to 
   different tiers like dev, int, qa, perf and prod using jenkins bridge and build scripts 
   and now we are using harvest for build and deploy.

13)Testing : we used JUnit and JMock to write test cases in our applications and log4j for logging.

14)Bug Reproting : We used to follow agile methodolgies, we are having daily scrums, 
   all our tasks reported at JIRA tool. We have RationalRose and TFSServer for bug reproting and issue tracking.
   we usually have monthly sprint we are 5 members in a team.

15)Experience in writing build scripts using Apache ANT and Maven.

--> Its going to be end by this month.so I am looking for new opportunity. 
    Application going to deploy in production on this month 27.
    Full time employees will take care about that thing.

